Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1 | Département Informatique

==================

Space Cow Game

Ali BAKIR 11607221 | Majd ODEH 11608951 | Rodislav IVANOV 11511441

Project link on Forge: https://forge.univ-lyon1.fr/ARM_Projet/Project

==================

Space Cow is a game project developed in order to awake awareness about Earth pollution. Through this project we hope to engage more people to understand why ecology and taking care about The Earth matter.


This video game tells the story of a cow forced to quit the Earth seeking for another planet where to live.

There are three levels - Easy, Medium and Hard:
**First level** (Easy): the player's mission is to survive from the falling asteroids by avoiding them or rather shooting bullets on them in order to reach the planet X.

**Second level** (Medium): the speed of the falling asteroids and their number occur.

**Third level** (Hard): there is a hunter who shows up and try to eliminate Space Cow by shooting at her.

Key options:
==================

Use the arrows keys(Up, Down, Left, Right) to move the cow and tap "Space" to shoot into the asteroids

> Press Q or ESC to quit the game


Requirements and Installation
==================

Space Cow is a c++ game developed on MacOS High Sierra and Ubuntu 16.04 using two libraries “ncurses library” for the text version and “SDL2 library” for the graphic version, so it’s required to have these two libraries installed on your computer before running the game. The requirements are as following:

1. Working computer with Ubuntu 16.04

2. SDL2 library package (SDL2, SDL2_image, SDL2_ttf and SDL2_mixer);
	If SDL2 library is not installed on your computer then run this command line:
	$ sudo apt-get install libsdl2-dev libsdl2-image-dev libsdl2-ttf-dev libsdl2-mixer-dev

3. ncurses library;
	If ncurses library is not installed on your computer then run this command line:
	$ sudo apt-get install libncurses5-dev libncursesw5-dev

4. RAM Memory: 4 GB

5. Memory: ~ 100Mb


To execute and run the game simply open a terminal in its directory and type:
> $ bin/spacecow_txt to lunch the text version

> $ bin/spacecow_sdl to lunch the graphic version


Documentation
==================

The code is fully documented and the game directory already includes a documentation file generated by "Doxygen", you can find it in the /doc directory.

To re-generate the documentation just open terminal at game folder and type:
> $ make doc



Archive contents
==================

> /bin contains the 2 executables of the game (text and SDL2 versions)

> /data contains all game media assets

> /doc contains the documentation, Gantt diagram, Classes diagram and game presentation, also it contains .doxy file to re-generate the documentation.

> /extern includes libraries for windows

> /include contains libraries header files for linux and macOS

> /lib contains the libraries files for linux and macOS

> /obj contains the object files generated while compiling the project

> /src contains all the source code of the project

> Makefile : to compile the project

> README.txt : this file.


Troubleshooting
==================

To ensure the game and avoid errors in the program, there is a running test which runs automatically after running the game which shows in real time the actual state of the game.

If the program doesn't start, please check the file Makefile and the libraries. 

You can re-compile the game by typing in terminal:
> $ make

You can clean the .Object files and the executables of the game by typing in terminal:
> $ make clean


Built using
==================

CLion - C++ IDE

==================

Copyright 2018 Ali BAKIR, Majd ODEH and Rodislav IVANOV. All rights reserved.

